Add basic cog support (#1590)
urbica/martin: docs/src/config-file.md

    # named source matching source name to a single file
    mb-src1: /path/to/mbtiles1.mbtiles

# Cloud Optimized GeoTIFF File Sources
cog:
  paths:
    # scan this whole dir, matching all *.tif files
    - /dir-path

>     # specific tif file will be published as a cog source
>     - /path/to/pmt.pmtiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # specific TIFF file will be published as a cog source
    - /path/to/cogfile.tif
```
